Hey, what qualifications do you have to question Brother Ye?
You are just our family spending money.
Invited wage earners
You've got to figure out who you are.
Brother Ye, let's go
Auntie, what are you hiding from me?
Didn't you say that Nangong Ye lost his memory?
Did I see a ghost today?
Whoops, what's going on with this right disc?
I have amnesia, not stupidity
I've got someone to hack the USB stick Song suggested
He also took the blame
This bitch must be plotting against me
Nangong is just a shield he pulled out
This stinky bitch is so scheming
So what do we do?
Nangong also wants to restore his memory
We can no longer move to Nangong Group.
Don't worry.
The Jowan Summit helped us
Qiao Wangfeng, the richest man in the country
Are you crazy?
President Longhui Group heard that you have amnesia
Cancel the investment overnight
I'm so sorry.
Longhui Group's attitude
It seems
There was no need for their real estate project years ago
Why is the president's wife here?
Mr. Song, what are you here to see?
Of course, I'm here to report to President Nangong